You must have found a raw ore
Sell him to me
I'm not short of money
I can provide you with weapons
We can cooperate.
Sell me your facial features
A noble man like you
How can you cooperate with us?
I would like to apologize for the kingly way just now
Mr. Second
You may misunderstand
What is the purpose of showing you these Wu Gang?
It's not meant to be sold to you.
I don't understand what you mean.
Mr. Al
Your factory is going bankrupt
If my mom reminds Wu Gang
Keep selling to your competitors
What do you say?
Can your factory continue to operate?
God you you you can't do this
You you can't treat like this
noble me
No lawsuit to degenerate Adjutant Wang
drop off
You can't do that.
Please think about it.
I really sincerely cooperate with you, Mr. Wu
I'm afraid this is not good for the mayor. It's okay.
Light up a few times
He'll run away soon, you remember
There's no need to be glamorous when dealing with foreigners
We must let them know our strength
This is Qingshan Town
What about Wu Tian? Why didn't he come to greet me?
Is he giving me a slap in the face?
Sir, Wu Tian should be in the barracks
Why don't we just go in?
have seen
The officer was ordered by Zhang Shuai to assist in the inspection